Add GKE Internal Load Balancer Gateway Recipe and Integration (#500)
llm-d/llm-d: guides/recipes/gateway/README.md

<!-- TAB:GKE L7 Regional External Managed:default -->
### GKE L7 Regional External Managed  
This deploys a gateway suitable for GKE, using the `gke-l7-regional-external-managed` gateway class. This creates an **external** load balancer accessible from the internet.

```bash
kubectl apply -k ./gke-l7-regional-external-managed -n ${NAMESPACE}
```

<!-- TAB:GKE L7 Regional Internal Managed -->
### GKE L7 Regional Internal Managed  

> This deploys a gateway suitable for GKE, using the `gke-l7-regional-internal-managed` gateway class. This creates an **internal** load balancer accessible only within your VPC. Use this when you need VPC-only access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This deploys a gateway suitable for GKE, using the `gke-l7-rilb` gateway class. This creates an **internal** load balancer accessible only within your VPC. Use this when you need VPC-only access.
```
